README.md, before:

# ps5-scalper

Scalping bot for a PS5.

I was hanging out on Discord one night with my friends. For the past few months I had been working on a Discord bot for them and they loved it. I had just been told I had to quarantine for 14 days and they said "you should make me a PS5 bot!". So I obliged.

I started by reading a few articles on the net and then dived right in to it.  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/building-scalper-bot-alex-g   
https://spltech.co.uk/how-to-make-a-python-bot/  

I decided to build in Python and here we are.

## Installation

To install the bot first ensure Python 3.9+ is installed on your machine. Then run

```bash
bash ./scripts/install.sh
```


## Chrome profile

1. Open Chrome
2. Click user icon and "Add" other profile.
3. Fill in details
4. In browser go to chrome://version/
5. Get profile path from there but remove last folder from end
  e.g., /Users/username/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome
6. The last folder is the profile name
  e.g., Profile 2

Commit message:

change chrome user and images folder

README.md, after:

# ps5-scalper

Scalping bot for a PS5.

I was hanging out on Discord one night with my friends. For the past few months I had been working on a Discord bot for them and they loved it. I had just been told I had to quarantine for 14 days and they said "you should make me a PS5 bot!". So I obliged.

I started by reading a few articles on the net and then dived right in to it.  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/building-scalper-bot-alex-g   
https://spltech.co.uk/how-to-make-a-python-bot/  

I decided to build in Python and here we are.

## Installation

To install the bot first ensure Python 3.9+ is installed on your machine. Then run

```bash
bash ./scripts/install.sh
```


## Chrome profile

1. Open Chrome
2. Click user icon and "Add" other profile.
3. Fill in details
4. In browser go to chrome://version/
5. Note the profile path and navigate to that folder.
6. Copy the folder.
7. Create a new folder inside this repo called 'Chrome'.
8. Paste the profile folder inside the 'Chrome' folder. 
9. The folder name is the profile name
  e.g., Profile 2
